public/assets/docs/demo-platform/00-01-preface.md, before:

### FGA, RAG, & CIBA... oh my!

This guide attempts to mirror the Google codelab style: short steps, runnable code, and clear outcomes.

You’ll build a **Bank Zero** demo app (Next.js / App Router) that showcases **Auth0 Auth for AI** as well as **Auth0 FGA** (fine‑grained authorization) powering **RAG** and **securing AI tools**. Your companion assistant **AIya** is available inside the app to keep you moving.

# Just a few things...

- This lab uses a combination of the Okta Demo Platform and a self-guided learning application. Feel free to switch between the two but keep in mind the content _may_ vary slightly. When in doubt, the Demo Platform is [most likely] the more accurate source of truth.

- Throughout the lab you will see types of alerts/panels like the following. They provide useful information. Take a minute to familiarize yourself with their intent so you know which ones you should _really_ pay attention to. :)

  > [!NOTE]
  > Useful information that might help you.

  > [!Tip]
  > Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

  > [!Important]
  > Key information you may need to know to complete the lab.

  > [!Warning]
  > Urgent info that needs your immediate attention to avoid problems.

  > [!Caution]
  > Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.

- As you work through lab steps you will be asked to write code. In some instances there will be _pseudo-code_ to guide you. In others, the code may already be partially implemented.
  - This lab does not take a typical copy/pasta learning approach.
  - You are encouraged to attempt to write the code *on your own* so you can *learn*.
  - If you are struggling, just ask AIya for some hints/help. Be sure to specify the exact file you are working in. (i.e. `lib/auth0/fga/get-account-permissions.ts`)

Commit message:

Chore/first run fixes (#5)
* consolidate local and .env

* content updates

* add error helper

* attempt to fix db syncing & auto messages

* fix content bug

* first-run changes

* quick db schema fix (bug)

* add final code (reference)

* add support for fetching step code

* fix reset bug

* fix tool bug

* cleanup

* add per step get code suggestion

* reset db

* stuff

* fix search-transactions

* unused

* sync prisma versions

* updated content

* code optimizations

* revamp user settings implementation

* fix delete chat/new chat

* add code suggestions

* bugs

* fresh DB

public/assets/docs/demo-platform/00-01-preface.md, after:

### FGA, RAG, & CIBA... oh my!

This guide attempts to mirror the Google codelab style: short steps, runnable code, and clear outcomes.

You’ll build a demo app for ***the bAInk*** using Next.js (App Router) that showcases **Auth0 Auth for AI Agents** as well as **Auth0 FGA** (fine‑grained authorization) powering **RAG** and **securing AI tools**. Your companion AI assistant **Aiya** will be available inside the app (once you get it spun up) to help you out.

# Just a few things...

- This lab uses a combination of the Okta Demo Platform and a self-guided learning application. Feel free to switch between the two but keep in mind the content _may_ vary slightly. When in doubt, the Demo Platform is [most likely] the more accurate source of truth.

- Throughout the lab you will see types of alerts/panels like the following. They provide useful information. Take a minute to familiarize yourself with their intent so you know which ones you should _really_ pay attention to. :)

  > [!NOTE]
  > Useful information that might help you.

  > [!Tip]
  > Helpful advice for doing things better or more easily.

  > [!Important]
  > Key information you may need to know to complete the lab.

  > [!Warning]
  > Urgent info that needs your immediate attention to avoid problems.

  > [!Caution]
  > Advises about risks or negative outcomes of certain actions.

---
> [!IMPORTANT]
> *As you work through the lab steps you will be asked to write actual code.* 🙌
>
> This lab is designed to encourage you to *write your own code* rather than copy/paste.
>
> In some instances there will be *pseudo-code* to guide you. In others, the code may already be partially implemented and/or simply commented out.
>
> However, if you would prefer a copy/paste approach you can click the suggestion above the chat input box `Show me the code` and Aiya will provide **the final code** for you to reference.
>
> You can also simply type `Show me the code for step XX`.
>
> ![Show me the code](./assets/images/show-me-the-code.png)
>
> ***We encourage you to try on your own first.***

---
