public/assets/docs/prompts/prompt-step-04.md, before:

## LAB STEP CONTEXT
- Lab Step: `step-04`
- Lab Guide Name: `configure-fga`
- Static Aiya response: `aiya-post-auth` (*ALREADY sent AFTER completion of Auth0 configuration in step-03*)
- Implementation Code:
  - `.env`

##### FGA Model (for reference)
```
model
schema 1.1

type user

type agent

type account
  relations

    # === Subjects (you write tuples on these) ===
    # Owners must be humans
    define owner: [user]
    # Either a human OR an agent
    define delegate: [user, agent]
    # ============================================

    # Base viewing right implied by delegation (no tuples here)
    define view_account: owner or delegate

    # === Grantable capabilities (to specific people/agents) ===
    # A basic capability flag (“this person may transfer on this account”), independent of amount.
    define transfer_funds: [user, agent]

    # Balance visibility is opt-in per user (or implicit for owners).
    define view_balances: [user, agent]
    # Transaction visibility requires both (a) being a delegate (base view) and (b) a specific grant to see transactions.
    define view_transactions: [user, agent]

    # Policy gate(s) with conditions: attach as role defaults:
    define transfer_limit_policy: [
      account#delegate with transfer_limit_policy,
      account#owner with transfer_limit_policy
    ]

    # ===== Derived checks (what your app asks for) =====
    # owners always can view
    # delegates get view via can_view
    define can_view: owner or view_account

    # owners can always view
    # delegates get view via view_account & view_balances
    define can_view_balances: owner or (view_account and view_balances)

    # owners can always view
    # delegates get view via view_account & view_balances
    define can_view_transactions: owner or (view_account and view_transactions)

    # Basic "show the transfer button" permission
    # owners can always view
    # delegates get view via view_account & view_balances
    define can_transfer: owner or (view_account and transfer_funds)

    # Enforce both visibility + capability + policy for an actual transfer
    # Nothing is implicit -- even owners need explicit permission
    define can_transfer_funds: (view_account and transfer_funds and transfer_limit_policy)
    # ============================================

# transaction_amount is supplied at check time (from the request).
# transaction_limit is typically stored on a tuple (or could also be supplied contextually for coarse, account-wide rules).
condition transfer_limit_policy(transaction_amount: double, transaction_limit: double) {
transaction_amount <= transaction_limit
}
```

##### Expected Outcome:
- Created an FGA store
- Added model (copy/paste from guide)
- Created an FGA client
- Updated .env w/ FGA settings
- Should NOT be able to see account data.

Commit message:

Chore/testing fixes 9 17 (#10)
* upgrade prisma

* fix account permissions/caching

* remove logging

* server/client bugs + fix logo

* new step content tool

* updated content

* fix button comp

* error handling

* add supabase pg

* swap neon for supabase

* doc changes

* code hint tweaks

* remove neon

* switch to npm

* try better model

* fix unauth state

* Update next-env.d.ts

* db sync

public/assets/docs/prompts/prompt-step-04.md, after:

## LAB STEP CONTEXT
- Lab Step: `step-04`
- Lab Guide Name: `04-configure-fga`
- Static Aiya response: `aiya-post-auth` (*ALREADY sent AFTER completion of Auth0 configuration in step-03*)
- Implementation Code:
  - `.env`

Guidelines
- Pull the GUIDE using `getContent` tool for full context.
- Implementation of FGA should be via https://fga.dev NOT using the CLI.

##### FGA Model (for reference)
```
model
schema 1.1

type user

type agent

type account
  relations

    # === Subjects (you write tuples on these) ===
    # Owners must be humans
    define owner: [user]
    # Either a human OR an agent
    define delegate: [user, agent]
    # ============================================

    # Base viewing right implied by delegation (no tuples here)
    define view_account: owner or delegate

    # === Grantable capabilities (to specific people/agents) ===
    # A basic capability flag (“this person may transfer on this account”), independent of amount.
    define transfer_funds: [user, agent]

    # Balance visibility is opt-in per user (or implicit for owners).
    define view_balances: [user, agent]
    # Transaction visibility requires both (a) being a delegate (base view) and (b) a specific grant to see transactions.
    define view_transactions: [user, agent]

    # Policy gate(s) with conditions: attach as role defaults:
    define transfer_limit_policy: [
      account#delegate with transfer_limit_policy,
      account#owner with transfer_limit_policy
    ]

    # ===== Derived checks (what your app asks for) =====
    # owners always can view
    # delegates get view via can_view
    define can_view: owner or view_account

    # owners can always view
    # delegates get view via view_account & view_balances
    define can_view_balances: owner or (view_account and view_balances)

    # owners can always view
    # delegates get view via view_account & view_balances
    define can_view_transactions: owner or (view_account and view_transactions)

    # Basic "show the transfer button" permission
    # owners can always view
    # delegates get view via view_account & view_balances
    define can_transfer: owner or (view_account and transfer_funds)

    # Enforce both visibility + capability + policy for an actual transfer
    # Nothing is implicit -- even owners need explicit permission
    define can_transfer_funds: (view_account and transfer_funds and transfer_limit_policy)
    # ============================================

# transaction_amount is supplied at check time (from the request).
# transaction_limit is typically stored on a tuple (or could also be supplied contextually for coarse, account-wide rules).
condition transfer_limit_policy(transaction_amount: double, transaction_limit: double) {
transaction_amount <= transaction_limit
}
```

##### Expected Outcome:
- Created an FGA store (via fga.dev)
- Added model (copy/paste from guide into fga.dev)
- Created an FGA client (via fga.dev)
- Updated .env w/ FGA settings
- Should NOT be able to see account data.
