public/assets/docs/_demo-platform/00-00-summary.md, before:

### Summary

The bAInk, a respected local bank that has served its community for over 20 years, recently green-lit plans to modernize their existing consumer facing products and services. The bank worked with third party consultants to bring to life online banking services via a web portal and mobile application. These projects were met with great success and the bank saw a major uptick in service adoption and funds deposited into their institution. 

As a result, the bank executives began looking further to modernize their platforms. This eventually pivoted to include AI with hopes to accelerate the growth of their platforms. As a result, this initiative gave life to Aiya, the companion AI assistant created to streamline navigation of online banking services like balance transfers, account management, and online bill payments. 

As newly minted The bAInk contract developers for the next 2 hours, we will dive into the implementation of Aiya through the lens of Auth0’s Auth for AI Agents suite of features. 

### Module 1 

In this module, we confirm access to a proper Auth0 tenant, validate local environment configurations, and clone the application starter files from the respective Github repository. 

### Module 2

In this module, we begin to set up the application and validate that a local copy of the app can run on our machines.

### Module 3

In this module, we configure our local environments to include the appropriate Auth0 variables for proper application functionality. We also dive into the Auth0 tenant to confirm tenant resource configurations as well. 

### Module 4 

In this module, we incorporate Auth0 Fine-Grained Authorization (FGA) into the fold and begin to configure the FGA environment in preparation for implementing the security of data in RAG pipelines. This is crucial to ensuring Aiya is able to communicate properly with end users through a secure manner.

### Module 5 

In this module, we begin to implement FGA functionality into the application. This is where we will begin to refactor some of the code snippets that have been outlined in the foundational template code for Aiya. The goal is to get a working implementation to verify that Aiya is behaving as it should when prompted with specific instructions.

### Module 6

In this module, we incorporate Client-Initiated Backchannel Authentication (CIBA), a feature that enables us to implement Async Authorization. Effectively, this enables end users to authorize Aiya to complete requests on their behalf through a push notification sent to their devices. We will dive into this implementation and learn hands-on how it’s incorporated into the application.

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit 0c92f44d94f80e75012ba3663e4cab986d76a12b
Author: markvong-o <83755325+markvong-o@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Tue Sep 23 23:26:01 2025 -0700

    summary

commit 6005ea51894b3bc3da962da657eb00ab7cf988c7
Author: markvong-o <83755325+markvong-o@users.noreply.github.com>
Date:   Tue Sep 23 23:02:11 2025 -0700

    module changes post 9/23

public/assets/docs/_demo-platform/00-00-summary.md, after:

### Summary
## Welcome to Auth0 dev{camp} | Agentic AI
The bAInk, a respected local bank that has served its community for over 20 years, recently green-lit plans to modernize their existing consumer facing products and services. The bank worked with third party consultants to bring to life online banking services via a web portal and mobile application. These projects were met with great success and the bank saw a major uptick in service adoption and funds deposited into their institution. 

As a result, the bank executives began looking further to modernize their platforms. This eventually pivoted to include AI with hopes to accelerate the growth of their platforms. As a result, this initiative gave life to Aiya, the companion AI assistant created to streamline navigation of online banking services like balance transfers, account management, and online bill payments. 

As newly minted The bAInk contract developers for the next 2 hours, we will dive into the implementation of Aiya through the lens of Auth0’s Auth for AI Agents suite of features. 

### Overview of Modules

This lab consists of 6 individual modules, each building from the previous one. All modules are action packed with engaging content and hands-on challenges. 

This will jumpstart your understanding of the Auth0 platform and the role it plays in securing AI Agents today! 

We'll be diving into quite a bit of fun stuff: 

1. **To Secure or Not Secure: AI Agents & Sensitive Data.** *Jumpstart your understanding of how Auth0 is at the forefront of securing the very important AI Agents that your company is shipping!*
2. **Don't Spill Secrets: RAG & Auth0 FGA**. *Learn even more about RAG and how Auth0 FGA plays a role in securing especially sensitive data in RAG piplines*.
3. **Am I Approved Yet?** *Dive into how Auth0 supports Async Authorization, the role CIBA plays in its implementation, and why it matters.*


<!-- ### Module 1 

In this module, we confirm access to a proper Auth0 tenant, validate local environment configurations, and clone the application starter files from the respective Github repository. 

### Module 2

In this module, we begin to set up the application and validate that a local copy of the app can run on our machines.

### Module 3

In this module, we configure our local environments to include the appropriate Auth0 variables for proper application functionality. We also dive into the Auth0 tenant to confirm tenant resource configurations as well. 

### Module 4 

In this module, we incorporate Auth0 Fine-Grained Authorization (FGA) into the fold and begin to configure the FGA environment in preparation for implementing the security of data in RAG pipelines. This is crucial to ensuring Aiya is able to communicate properly with end users through a secure manner.

### Module 5 

In this module, we begin to implement FGA functionality into the application. This is where we will begin to refactor some of the code snippets that have been outlined in the foundational template code for Aiya. The goal is to get a working implementation to verify that Aiya is behaving as it should when prompted with specific instructions.

### Module 6

In this module, we incorporate Client-Initiated Backchannel Authentication (CIBA), a feature that enables us to implement Async Authorization. Effectively, this enables end users to authorize Aiya to complete requests on their behalf through a push notification sent to their devices. We will dive into this implementation and learn hands-on how it’s incorporated into the application. -->
